# Be_Yourself
Short Intro about me
# Hello! I am Akouvi Selom Alex, a 35-year-old passionate and goal-oriented individual. From a young age, I understood the importance of education. Arriving in Germany in 1997, I quickly adapted to learning a new language, despite the unfamiliar environment. With the invaluable support of a woman I affectionately call "my angel", I successfully integrated into the German system. Her kindness and support helped me overcome the trauma I faced after my parents' absence in Togo.
Inspired by her guidance, I dedicated myself to my studies, pursuing my education with zeal and determination. I later worked as an assistant nurse, gaining valuable experience with people. An opportunity where my characters were defined and built up.
After the birth of my first son, I realized the need for a career change and enrolled in the ReDi School of Digital Integration. There, I discovered my interest in technology and digitalization. So I learned essential skills such as CV writing, making a ppt presentation, using google in its various forms, cyberbullying, etc. This marked the beginning of my journey into the IT fields.

I am motivated to take this course because I believe that having IT skills (in Coding, Data Science, Data Analysis, Design) will open up more job opportunities for me in the nearest future. The world has changed significantly in the past fifty years, with automation, robotics and AI. I don't want to be left behind in the digital age, so I'm eager to gain knowledge and skills in this field.
